Welcome to section number nine on application deployment.
Right now the app is running really well locally on your machine.
If a problem is that it's running locally on your machine that means no one else can access it.
In this section you're going to learn how to deploy your no JSA applications to a production server
so anyone with the app U.R.L. can pull it up in the browser and start to use it.
Now to get this done we'll be working with three very popular tools get get hub and Heroku get is going
to allow us to put our application under version control that's going to allow us to track the changes
to our app over time.
Github is going to allow us to backup our source code and collaborate with others.
Finally Heroku is going to give us everything we need to deploy our no J.S. applications to a production
server.
So our app is accessible with just a single you are out.
I'm excited to get to all of this and more.
So let's jump right into the section.